1. I am proposing a warhammer inspired dungeon dwelling game in which the user plays as a sigmarite knight that is hunting
	a rogue sorcerer in an abandoned dwarf karak. The player will navigate the dungeon in search of this sorcerer in order
	to ultimately defeat them. The user will run into skeletons, traps, and empty corridors until they find the sorcerer.
	The player will have to avoid traps and fight monsters as well as defeating a final boss to win the game. The player 
	will be prompted with choices on the UART from which they will have to decide on how to proceed. Their choices will be 
	taken by using the switch and button I/O devices on the DE-10 lite computer. The player will have to navigate, and 
	battle his way to the end of the dungeon as well as defeating a final boss to win. Their health bar will be tracked on 
	the LEDs, which will be easy for the player to keep track of at a glance.
	
2. My program will use the UART, LEDs, Buttons, switches and possibly the 7-seg display.

3. User Input will be using the switches and buttons to navigate and fight. They will be prompted to flip swithces to select their 
	path, and confirm it with a button press
	[0] Forward
	[1] Left
	[2] Right
	[3] Go back
	
	User input will also be used for combat, where the user will be either fighting a generic skeleton or the boss. All skeleton 
	encounters will be the same, with them being defeted in two attacks. The user will have a choice to roll for healing instead
	of attacks if they so choose.
	[0] Attack
	[1] Heal
	[2] Dodge
	
4. Output will be on the UART, LEDs, and 7-seg display. The UART will describe where the user currently is, what is happening, 
	and prompt the user again for their input on how they would like to proceed. The LEDs will show the player's health.
	I would like to use the 7-seg display to show a message like "U DIED" or "U WIN" if possible, or to display a score.

5. The first program change is when the user changes rooms. The user inputs a switch, and confirms with button preses. The program takes
	input and changes where the user is at in the program. This will change which operation the program is running or to execute: encounter,
	trap, empty room, boss.
	
6. The second program change is when the user is in an encounter with a monster or the boss. The combat will be a seperate operation that is
	branched into if a room with a monster or the boss is entered. The player will then have to input how to navigate the fight with three 
	options: Attack, Dodge, and Heal. All three of these will be different operations that impact the players health and progress forward.
	
7. The third program change is when the player wins the game. If the final boss is defeated, the program will congradulate the player on the UART
	for completeing the game. 